# Information Seeking Behavior: Networks
What is curiosity? Generally, we define curiosity as an intrinsically motivated act of information seeking, despite no guarantee of any reward at the end of the quest. So a curious person may browse the library, reading only a few lines from each book in computer science, despite not having any immediate use for this newly acquired knowledge. 

But does curiosity require one to seek explicitly many small bits of information? What about anotherindividual who enters a library and for no immediate gain reads only three books, all specifically about computer science algorithms, but reads each of these three books cover to cover? 

In fact,both people in our examples are curious but display different types of curiosity. The former we call a busybody, who likes to gather little bits of information scattered from many different sources and disciplines. The latter we call the hunter, who becomes deeply entangled by a single subject and investigates a single topic thoroughly. 

Are most people busybodies or hunters? How might we learn about people’s curiosity type? Instead of following people throughout a library, voluntary online tracking systems make recording visited website pages simple. For example, we could record each page visited in sequence by a person browsing Wikipedia. This experiment would help us understand the trajectory through which people navigate through Wikipedia-space: an incredibly large network of pages connected by hyperlinks and similar content. As an individual browses Wikipedia, they create their own knowledge network of learned information. Individuals who display the hunter curiosity type would create a network that contains a few tight bunches, reflecting their propensity to dig deep into only a few, tightly-related topics. On the other hand, the knowledge network generated by an individual that displays the busybody curiosity type might create a sparse, spread out network since they like to gather information from many disparate topics.

Still, curiosity has been studied for many years and more classic methods of characterizing curiosity exist. For example, the Five Dimensional Curiosity Scale asks individuals directed questions in order to quantify their joyous exploration (JE), deprivation sensitivity (DS), stress tolerance (ST), social curiosity(SC), and thrill seeking (TS).

In this project I used different types of data collected from adults in order to better understand the drivers and characteristics of curiosity.
